Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a horror,
mystery film from 2014, titled Last Shift.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
Outside of a police station, Jessica is sitting
in her patrol and talking to her mom on the phone.
Her mom is worried that she's become a police
officer like her dad, who died on duty. She
doesn't want to talk about that on her first
day of work so she ends the conversation.
Jessica enters the station with a bit of
hesitation. There seems to be no one there
so she goes inside to look. She hears some noises
and sees a man in the distance, cursing. Jessica
speaks to him, but he tells her to turn around
and stop. When he eventually walks over to her,
he introduces himself as Sgt. Cohen. He tells her
that this isn't the new station, but the old one.
She was the lucky rookie to work the last shift
there. Cohen explains that all the calls have
already been rerouted to the new station. She
may have some walk-ups that she should send
his way. In case of an emergency, she should
call the station. Cohen shows her the kitchen,
but tells her not to go into holding. Jessica asks
him why she's there instead of a security guard.
He explains that she has to be there because
she needs to take care of the evidence.
Hazmat will come to the station sometime during
the night to dispose of it. He orders her not to
leave the premises and tells her that he'll
relieve her when her shift is over. Later,
Jessica is reading a book and almost falls asleep.
Suddenly, she notices something wrong with one of
the lights in the hallway, when the phone rings.
She gets a distress call from a woman saying that
she's trapped and that all of the people with her
might be dead. When she asks for the address the
woman hangs up. Jessica immediately calls the new
station. Since she didn't obtain the necessary
information from the caller, they just tell her
that they'll check on the call and if the calls
have been properly rerouted. She hears something
in holding and walks over to check it, thinking
that it might be Cohen. Jessica reaches the place
where the sounds of banging are coming from,
but finds nothing there. Later, she eats her
lunch in the kitchen and finds a long strain
of hair inside her sandwich. Suddenly, there's
a knock on the front doors, but when she goes to
check there is no one outside. When she turns
around, there is someone inside the station.
Jessica tells him to leave the station
and sees that he's peeing on the floor.
She takes out her baton and tries to communicate
with him, but when that doesn't go anywhere she
chases him out. Jessica cleans the station and
after that goes to the bathroom to wash her hands.
She hears weird noises in the pipes and sees a
pair of boots. Jessica leaves them outside for
the homeless man. When she comes back inside,
she hears another noise. She finds one of the
bathrooms completely wrecked, then goes through
to the station gym and into the locker room.
One of the lockers still has a key in it and she
opens it up, only to find a photograph inside of
her and her father. She closes the locker and sees
that all of the others have been opened. Suddenly,
there's another call. It's the same woman begging
for help. Jessica gets her name and she tells her
that she has been taken on a ranch, then hangs
up again. There is another call instantly,
but this time it's the waste removal company.
The man tells her that they will be running a
little late. Jessica calls the new station
again and tells them about the second call.
They say that the girl isn't calling 911, but the
station directly. And if she calls again Jessica
should tell her to call 911. Jessica continues
to read the handbook, waiting for another call,
when suddenly the raft behind her starts to move.
She checks it, though she finds nothing wrong.
As soon as she sits down it unrolls again and rams
into the other rafts. Jessica hears another noise
out back and follows up on it. She sees that one
of the doors has been opened and hears another
noise inside, so she calls it in before she goes
to investigate. The only thing she gets back
from the station is a song. There's another
noise and an alarm turns on in the station.
Jessica is reciting lines from the handbook as
she approaches the site where the sound came from.
She goes into a trashed room and when a box
almost falls on her, she sees that the homeless
man has entered the facility. He's looking
for something not paying attention to her so
she climbs up to get him. She incapacitates him
and arrests him. Jessica takes him to holding,
but he keeps resisting her so she drags him in.
The doors slam shut and the sounds of screaming
can be heard outside. The man assaults her and she
stuns him. Jessica realizes that she's locked in
the cell and calls for someone to open the door. A
strange face appears on the window, scaring her to
drop the flashlight. Suddenly, the homeless man
has the flashlight and he's aiming it at her.
She reminds him that she's armed. The flashlight
lights the corner to reveal the homeless man still
unconscious. Jessica asks who's in there
with them. A child's voice can be heard.
She bangs on the door again and the voice asks
her if she wants to get out of there alive.
Jessica asks for her flashlight, then everything
goes dark again and two figures are seen next to
her. The lights come back on and the cell
door is open. She goes out and locks the
prisoner in, then tries to calm herself down.
Later, Jessica calls Cohen and when he doesn't
answer she leaves him a message, but doesn't
tell him what happened. She pushes back to try
and relax, but sees the word SOW etched out on the
ceiling. When she checks the doors of the station,
she sees a woman outside and tells her to leave.
Marigold asks to finish her cigarette there,
because she feels safer and Jessica
lets her. Before she walks inside,
Marigold says that she can tell she's a rookie.
She tells her that she was in a cell next to the
Paymon murderers that killed themselves in the
station, who had kidnapped and slaughtered some
girls. Jessica knows about the case because her
father got killed on the scene of the crime and
she knows that the criminals died there too.
Marigold insists that they brought them back
alive to the station and she could hear them
sing some weird song in the cell next to her.
They hung themselves with their bed sheets.
Marigold finishes her smoke and leaves Jessica
speechless. She patrols the station and finds a
switched on TV. The TV plays a police interview
with the Paymon brother that had committed the
heinous crime mentioned. Two other TV's come on,
playing interviews with the Paymon sisters. John
Paymon is seen in a flashback, talking about the
devil. The flashback of the interviews continues
with the sisters, both saying similar things.
John makes an absurd threat on the recording,
as if he could be speaking right to Jessica.
Suddenly, one of the chairs swings over to her and
for a moment it looks like someone is sitting on
it. It keeps on doing that until it knocks Jessica
over. The phone rings and she rushes to answer.
It's the same girl saying that the other girls
have been killed. The people that have done that
keep singing the same song that Marigold told her
about. Jessica tries to make the girl call 911,
but she tells her that she can't, so Jessica
tells her to run and hide. Before the call ends,
Jessica asks the girl if she's heard the name
John Paymon and she says that she has. Jessica has
started connecting some of the dots, so she calls
the new station again and conveys all the details
of the call with the girl. She tells the officer
on the other side of the call that she thinks that
the remaining members of the Paymon family might
have her. He laughs and tells her that all of them
are in custody under constant police supervision.
He gives her the number of a police report and
tells her to reference that report number when she
calls again if she gets any more information. She
thanks him and hangs up. All of a sudden she hears
whistling from the other side of the station.
Jessica checks on a room with some office chairs,
but gets distracted by more noise. When she looks
back, the chairs have been completely rearranged.
Jessica has had enough and thinks that the other
police officers are playing a trick on her because
she's a rookie. Suddenly, the bell of the station
rings and when she goes to check, there is one
officer there. She begins asking him if it was
just him that played the prank on her or were
there others as well. He doesn't seem to know what
she's talking about. Jessica asks if they play
that same trick with other rookies as well. He
introduces himself as Price and he tells her that
he just came to check up on her. Price asks her to
let him in. They walk inside the station together
and chat. She thinks that someone made him check
up on her. But when he asks her how her shift
is going she tells him about the homeless man.
He laughs and says that he's had worse than that,
with one perp defecating all over his police car
once. Jessica relaxes a bit and he tells her that
he actually came to check up on her because he
knew her father. She asks him if he was with him
that night. Price tells her how it all went down.
They arrived early at the scene, but they
could hear the girls begging for their lives.
The two of them went inside without back
up and her father held the Paymon's off,
while he managed to get some of the girls out.
He tells her that two officers died there,
including her father. Price says that her dad was
a good cop and that he'd be very proud of her.
When he turns around she sees a massive hole in
his head and as he walks by the window outside,
he vanishes. Jessica goes to check where he went
and calls after him. Suddenly, she hears voices
coming from all around the station. Circling her.
Suddenly she sees a body being moved inside the
hallway. It begins to levitate and it moves in an
unnatural way. Jessica hides for a moment, pulls
out her gun and when she steps out to check if the
man is still there, he's gone. All of a sudden,
she hears the homeless man screaming in his cell.
He begs to be let out of there and when she asks
him what's wrong, he steps aside and shows her
the three ghosts in his cell. Jessica keeps saying
that it isn't real. The man cries and pleads with
her not to leave him in there. She hears the song
again and when she reaches the place where it's
coming from, she sees a group of girls sitting in
a circle and singing. The ghost girls turn around
to face her with bloody sheets on their faces,
while their reflections look normal. The
door shuts behind her and they disappear.
Jessica hears another racket outside and goes
to the evidence room. She finds it completely
trashed, with some male clothes placed out in the
center. Jessica runs over to the phone and calls
Cohen. He asks her why she's calling him and she
tells him that she thinks she's seeing things.
Jessica doesn't think she'll be able to finish
her shift. Cohen belittles her about being afraid
and asks her again if she'll be there by the
end of the shift. Before he hangs up, he tells
her not to call him again. She calls the waste
disposal company to ask when they will be there.
When the man tells her that he's not sure,
she tells him that she'll be waiting for
them outside in her squad car. Jessica leaves the
station, but the phone rings so she rushes inside.
It's the girl again telling her that she's
escaped. She tells Jessica that she sees
some kind of sign and Jessica keeps her on the
line while calling dispatch from her cell phone.
The girl says that she knows that she's going to
die and Jessica asks her if there is something she
could use as a weapon. She disconnects again.
Jessica calls the new station and references
the number that was given to her earlier. The
same officer picks up the phone and tells her
that the girl that has been calling the station
is dead. Jessica can't believe it. The officer
tells her that she was the last Paymon victim
and was beaten to death with a bat. He says that
maybe some of the members in the Paymon commune
might have avoided capture and is paying a sick
joke on her or it might be ghosts. The officer
tells her that the Paymon's killed themselves in
the station and that ever since then there have
been strange things happening in the station.
A photograph drops behind Jessica and she hangs
up the phone. It's a postmortem photo of her
dad. She sees more photos on the ground from the
Paymon crime scene of the girls that died there.
There is also one of Price. Jessica closes her
eyes for a moment hoping it will go away, but
when she opens her eyes the photos are arranged
neatly in the hallway. Jessica hears screams
inside her mind as the mug shots from the Paymon
family are seen. Suddenly, the photo's catch fire.
Jessica wakes up on the hallway floor to her phone
ringing. Her mom is on the other line, saying
that she's sorry for bringing up her father.
Jessica notices her gun is missing. Suddenly,
she sees someone in the hallway and when she
follows them, she gets knocked out. She wakes in
an interview room with a woman. Jessica isn't sure
what's real anymore. The woman tells her that she
would do anything for John Paymon and that it was
her that he should've taken with him that night.
She asks Jessica if she's seen him there and tells
her that she has too. Then the woman says that
she's there to celebrate the one year anniversary
of his death and kills herself with Jessica's gun.
The phone rings again and Jessica walks by
the body, takes her holster and her gun back,
then gets to it. It's the same girl on the
phone. When Jessica tells her that she's dead,
the girl starts laughing and the sound of the
bat hitting her can be heard over the phone.
The sound continues around Jessica and when she
looks under her desk, she sees the girl's ghost.
Jessica hides in the rafts and the ghost follows,
searching for her. She finds Jessica and tells her
that she doesn't want to die. The ghost vanishes
and Jessica runs to the door, wanting to get out.
She can't unlock the door, nor shoot her way out.
Her phone rings. Her dad is calling. He tells her
that she's driven like him, but asks her why she's
trying to leave when he gave his life for the job.
Jessica apologizes, saying she won't. He tells
her that the man that killed him is still in
the building and that she needs to do something
about it. The homeless man suddenly walks past
by her. She asks him how he got out and tells him
to get down. When she goes to cuff him, he turns
into an apparition. Jessica checks the homeless
man's cell, only to find him dead. The words
"King of hell" are written on the walls. Jessica
tries to call the new station for assistance,
but she gets only static on her radio, then a
scream and the song again. Blood comes out of
the radio and a ghost appears next to her. She
sees a projection of the Paymon's doing some
kind of ritual in their cell and then killing
themselves. Johns turns toward Jessica and takes
off the sheet. The ghosts are suddenly next to her
and on the projection as well. Price appears as
well and shoots himself. John almost gets her, but
she finds a photo of her father and recites parts
of the law enforcement codex. Her dad calls her
again and tells her that they're coming. He says
she needs to stop them, whatever it takes. A few
men in hoods appear and she shoots at them. They
tell her to come and find them. Jessica searches
for them and ends up in the evidence room.
She hears them again and goes after. Jessica
shoots one and continues after the others.
She takes out another one and incapacitates
another. He starts talking about the devil and
she shoots that one as well. Suddenly, she gets
shot too. Cohen appears behind her with his gun
raised at her. She turns and sees that the man
she killed was from the waste disposal company.
The real events play out in a flashback. Jessica
can't believe it. She's killed all the guys from
the company that were supposed to come and take
care of the evidence. Cohen calls the situation
in, while Jessica sings the Paymon's song.
The three Paymon ghosts appear and take her.